Create rule S6571: Type constituents of unions and intersections should not be redundant (#1724)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6571/javascript/rule.adoc

In unions and intersections, redundant types should not be used.

== Why is this an issue?

> When creating a union or intersection of types in TypeScript, it is possible for certain constituents to clash with one another. For instance, if the type `any` is included in a union, it takes precedence over all other constituents and causes the union to become the most generic type, which is `any`. Similarly, if a type that is more restrictive than another type, like `1` for `number`, is included in an intersection, it will take precedence over the other type and override it.
> 
> On the other hand, some types do not have any impact when they are included in a union or intersection, like `never` in a union or `unknown` in an intersection.
> 
> Eliminating any superfluous or overridden types from a union or intersection type can simplify the code and enhance its readability. Moreover, it will provide a clearer representation of the actual values that a variable is capable of holding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When defining a union or intersection in TypeScript, it is possible to mistakenly include type constituents that encompass other constituents, that don't have any effect, or that are more restrictive. For instance,

- The type `something` in `any | something` is redundant because `any` covers all possible types, whatever `something` is.
- The types `never` in unions like `never | something` or `unknown` in intersections like `unknown & something` are effectless.
- More restrictive types in intersections like the literal type `1` in `1 & number` reduce the set of possible values to specific ones.

Eliminating redundant types from a union or intersection type simplifies the code and enhances its readability. Moreover, it provides a clearer representation of the actual values that a variable can hold.
```

Reviewer 2: Sounds perfect to me. Thanks!

== How to fix it

The redundant and overridden types should be removed.

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

> [source,text,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]

Reviewer 2: Nice catch thanks!
